Proper logging & documentation (#3)
arf20/trip: docs/COMMANDS.md

<!--!
\defgroup command Command Reference
\ingroup docs
\hidegroupgraph
[TOC]
-->

# Command Reference

tripd command usage and reference

The tripd configuration is inspired in a Cisco-style commands,

> where the configuration syntax is the same as the interactive command syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tripd configuration is inspired by Cisco-style commands,
where the configuration syntax is the same as the interactive command syntax.
```

You can read a basic example configuration `tripd.conf` at the root of this project.

## Context tree

The configuration is organized in a tree of contexts

 - root base context
   - config context
     - prefix list context: where you define your prefixes to announce
     - trip context: where you define your ITAD, ID and LSs to peer with

### Common commands

Some commands are common between contexts

#### `end`

> Exit any context to the root base context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exit any context and return to the root base context
```

#### `exit`

> Exit current context to the previous one in the tree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exit current context and return to the outer context.
```

### Base context

#### `log <file> <loglevel>`

Where to write the log

 - file: `stdout`, `stderr` or a filename

>  - loglevel: { `error` | `warning` | `info` | `debug` }

Reviewer: Does loglevel have a default? That should be noted
